Feature: ProductImages `displayMode` (#900)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductImages.md

| `zoomMode` | `enum` | Defines the image zoom behavior. Possible values are: `disabled` (zoom is disabled), `in-place-click`(zoom will be triggered when the image is clicked on), `in-place-hover`(zoom will be triggered when the image is hovered on)  or `open-modal` (image is zoommed using a modal). | `in-place-click` |
| `ModalZoom` | `block` | Opens a modal for product image zooming. This prop's value must match the name of the block responsible for triggering the modal containing the product image for zooming (e.g. `modal-layout` from [Modal layout](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.modal-layout/) app). Notice that the `ModalZoom` prop will work only if the `zoomMode` prop is set as `open-modal`. To learn more, check out the [Advanced Configuration section](#Advanced-Configuration). | `undefined` |
| `contentType` | `enum` | Controls the type of content that will be displayed in the block. Possible values are: `images`, `videos`, or `all`. | `all` |

> | `displayMode` | `enum` | Enables you to choose between `default` and `inline` modes. `default` mode displays the images in a carousel and is compatible with all props available. `inline` mode will display only images (videos not supported yet) and with no extra markup. Useful if you have a complex layout. Props compatible with this mode are: `maxHeight`, `hiddenImages`, `zoomFactor`, `aspectRatio`,`ModalZoomElement` and `zoomMode`. Possible values are: `default` or `inline`. | `default` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `displayMode` | `enum` | Defines how the product media should be displayed. Possible values are `default` (displays the product images and videos in a carousel) and `inline` (displays only the product images inline, with no extra markup). *Caution*: The `inline` value does not display product videos and it is only compatible with the `maxHeight`, `hiddenImages`, `zoomFactor`, `aspectRatio`,`ModalZoomElement`, and `zoomMode` props. | `default` |

```
